So over this module, you learned a lot about axios,
a very popular alternative to vue resource,
you can use axios in any javascript project and therefore also in vue projects. Now,
you see that axios offers many great features like global configuration, interceptors, custom instances
and of course that using it is as simple as calling one method and then using the then method to handle the
incoming response. Axios is very popular and I recommend looking into it,
if you want to dive deeper into it, of course the place to go is the official axios documentation which you
can find on the github page for axios,
it's a great place to dive deeper and really fine tune it to your needs.
So I hope this was helpful,
let's continue with the other modules then.